Update glossary-of-terms.md (#18582)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/glossary-of-terms.md

title: Glossary of terms
---

### Android

The mobile operating system sponsored by Google for use with "Android" devices.

### app.json

An [Expo Config](#expo-config) file.

### Apple Capabilities

Cloud services provided by Apple. These services must be enabled for an application in the [Apple Developer Portal](#apple-developer-portal).

### Apple Developer Portal

Apple's [official website](https://developer.apple.com/) for managing application code signing. EAS Credentials automate most of the common reasons a developer might visit this website when developing an app.

### Auto Capability Signing

A feature of EAS build that automatically enables or disables [Apple capabilities](#apple-capabilities) based on the project's entitlements file. [Learn more](/build-reference/ios-capabilities/).

### Autolinking

A cross-platform tool for automatically linking native modules to native apps via native package managers.

> - On iOS the tool is used in [CocoaPods](#cocoapods) `ios/Podfile` and invoked during `pod install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On iOS the tool is used in [CocoaPods](#cocoapods) `ios/Podfile` and invoked during `pod install`.
```

- On Android the tool is used in the `android/app/build.gradle` and invoked during the [Gradle](#gradle) sync process.

> There are two versions of Autolinking: Expo

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two versions of Autolinking:
```

Looks like an unintended word?

> There are two versions of Autolinking: Expo
> 
> The default [Prebuild template](#prebuild-template) includes support for [Expo Autolinking](#expo-autolinking), and the [Community Autolinking](#community-autolinking) fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two versions of Autolinking: Expo

The default [Prebuild template](#prebuild-template) includes support for [Expo Autolinking](#expo-autolinking), and the [Community Autolinking](#community-autolinking) fork.
```

Is the text here supposed to be "Autolinking: Expo". I'm sorry, but I don't understand it.

### Babel

Transpiler used for removing language features that aren't available in the runtime's JavaScript engine. [Metro](#metro-bundler) uses Babel internally. Project's can configure how Babel is used by modifying the `babel.config.js` file in their project directory. This file is optional when using [Expo CLI](#expo-cli). Expo projects should extend the default Babel preset [`babel-preset-expo`](https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/babel-preset-expo).

### CocoaPods

The iOS package manager, used to link native modules to the native iOS project. This package manager is configured using the `ios/Podfile`, and updated when a user runs `pod install` in the `ios` directory.

### Community Autolinking

This refers to the React Native community [fork](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/issues/248#issue-422591744) of the [Expo Autolinking](#expo-autolinking). The requirements for linking a module different to [Expo Autolinking](#expo-autolinking) but the implementation is the same.

### Config Introspection

> A process for evaluating the results of [`expo prebuild`](#prebuild) in-memory without persisting any code changes. This is used in [auto capability signing](#auto-capability-signing) to determine what the entitlements file will look like without generating any native code. This process is also used in the [vscode expo](#vscode-expo) extension to debug [config mods](#config-mods).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A process for evaluating the results of [`expo prebuild`](#prebuild) in-memory without persisting any code changes. This is used in [auto capability signing](#auto-capability-signing) to determine what the entitlements file will look like without generating any native code. This process is also used in the [VSCode expo](#vscode-expo) extension to debug [config mods](#config-mods).
```

> A process for evaluating the results of [`expo prebuild`](#prebuild) in-memory without persisting any code changes. This is used in [auto capability signing](#auto-capability-signing) to determine what the entitlements file will look like without generating any native code. This process is also used in the [vscode expo](#vscode-expo) extension to debug [config mods](#config-mods).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A process for evaluating the results of [`expo prebuild`](#prebuild) in-memory without persisting any code changes. This is used in [auto capability signing](#auto-capability-signing) to determine what the entitlements file will look like without generating any native code. This process is also used in the [VS Code Expo](#vscode-expo) extension to debug [config mods](#config-mods).
```

Naming nit to match header.

### Config Mods

> Async functions that are appended to the [Expo Config](#expo-config) for use in [Prebuild](#prebuild). This functions are given a singe native file, modify it, and return the results that should be persisted to the project. Config Mods are chained together and come from the package `@expo/config-plugins`. [Learn more](/guides/config-plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Async functions that are appended to the [Expo Config](#expo-config) for use in [Prebuild](#prebuild). These functions are given a single native file, modify it, and return the results that should be persisted to the project. Config Mods are chained together and come from the package `@expo/config-plugins`. For more information, see [Config Plugins](/guides/config-plugins).
```

Reviewer: Also, the text "These functions are given a single native file, modify it", doesn't make sense. Maybe it could be: "These functions are given a single native file to modify it and ..."

### Config Plugin

> A JavaScript function that is used to append [config mods](#config-mods) to the [Expo Config](#expo-config) for use in [Prebuild](#prebuild). [Learn more](/guides/config-plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JavaScript function that is used to append [config mods](#config-mods) to the [Expo Config](#expo-config) for use in [Prebuild](#prebuild). For more information, see [Config Plugins](/guides/config-plugins).
```

### create-expo-app

A standalone command line tool (CLI) for bootstrapping new React Native apps with the `expo` package installed.

> This package can be used by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package can be used by running any of the following commands:
```

- `npx create-expo-app`
- `yarn create expo-app`
- `npm create expo-app`

### create-react-native-app

A standalone command line tool (CLI) for bootstrapping new React Native apps with the `expo` package installed and the native code generated. This CLI also enables the use of bootstrapping from an example project in [expo/examples](https://github.com/expo/examples).

> This package can be used by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package can be used by running any of the following commands:
```

- `npx create-expo-app`
- `yarn create expo-app`
- `npm create expo-app`

### Dangerous Mods

Config [modifiers](#config-mods) that apply unstable changes to a native project during [prebuild](#prebuild). Use of these modifiers is unpredictable and prone to breaking changes between major version bumps in [Expo SDK](#expo-sdk).

### detach

> Deprecated technology

The term "detach" was previously used in Expo to mean [ejecting](#eject) your app to use [ExpoKit](#expokit).

### Dev Clients

> A [native runtime](#native-runtime) that has been built in development mode, these builds often include the `expo-dev-client` [native module](#native-module) for improved debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [native runtime](#native-runtime) that has been built in development mode. These builds often include the `expo-dev-client` [native module](#native-module) for improved debugging.
```

### Development Server

> A development server (or dev server) is a server that is started locally, usually by running `npx expo start` from [Expo CLI](#expo-cli). The development server is typically hosted on `http://localhost:19000`. The development server hosts a [manifest](#manifest) from `/` which the client uses to request the JavaScript bundle from the bundler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A development server (or dev server) is a server that is started locally, usually by running `npx expo start` from [Expo CLI](#expo-cli). 

The development server is typically hosted on `http://localhost:19000`. It hosts a [manifest](#manifest) from `/` which the client uses to request the JavaScript bundle from the bundler.
```

The command-line tool for working with EAS. <!-- Pending creation of eas-cli [Read more](eas-cli.md). -->

### EAS Config

> The `eas.json` file used to configure [EAS CLI](#eas-cli). [Learn more](/build/eas-json/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `eas.json` file used to configure [EAS CLI](#eas-cli). For more information, see [Configuring EAS Build with eas.json](/build/eas-json/).
```

Emulator is used to describe software emulators of Android devices on your computers. Typically iOS emulators are referred to as [Simulators](#simulator).

### Entry Point

> The entry point usually refers to the initial JavaScript file used to load an application. In apps using [Expo CLI](#expo-cli), the default entry point is `./node_modules/expo/AppEntry.js` which simply imports the file `./App.js` from the root project directory and registers it as the initial component in the native app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entry point usually refers to the initial JavaScript file used to load an application. In apps using [Expo CLI](#expo-cli), the default entry point is `./node_modules/expo/AppEntry.js` which simply imports the  **App.js** file from the root project directory and registers it as the initial component in the native app.
```

### Experience

A synonym for app that usually implies something more single-use and smaller in scope, sometimes artistic and whimsical.

### Expo Autolinking

> The original [Autolinking](#autolinking) system that is designed for project's using `expo-modules-core`. This system links modules based on the existence of a `expo-module.config.json` file in the library's root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original [Autolinking](#autolinking) system that is designed for projects using `expo-modules-core`. This system links modules based on the existence of an `expo-module.config.json` file in the library's root directory.
```

### Expo CLI

> The command-line tool for working with Expo. [Read more](expo-cli.md). This term now refers to the [Local Expo CLI](#local-expo-cli), but historically referred to the [Global Expo CLI](#global-expo-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command-line tool for working with Expo. This term now refers to the [Local Expo CLI](#local-expo-cli), but historically referred to the [Global Expo CLI](#global-expo-cli). For more information, see [Expo CLI](expo-cli.md).
```

### Expo client

The former name for the [Expo Go](#expo-go) app.

### Expo Config

A file named `app.json`, `app.config.json`, `app.config.js`, or `app.config.ts` in the root of a project directory. [Learn more](configuration.md).

This file is used for the following purposes:

- Configuring how [Expo CLI](#expo-cli) works.
- Generating a project's public [manifest](#manifest) in EAS Update (think index.html but for native apps).
- Adding Expo [Config Plugins](#config-plugin) and configuring how `npx expo prebuild` generates native code.

### Expo Export

Refers to the command `npx expo export` from [Expo CLI](#expo-cli). This command is used to bundle the application JavaScript and assets, then export them into a static folder that can be uploaded to a hosting service like [EAS Update](#eas-update), and embedded in a [native runtime](#native-runtime) for offline use.

### Expo Go

The iOS and Android app that runs Expo apps. When you want to run your app outside of the Expo Go app and deploy it to the App and/or Play stores, you can build a [Standalone App](#standalone-app).

### Expo Install

> Refers to the command `npx expo install` from [Expo CLI](#expo-cli). This command is used to install NPM packages containing [native modules](#native-module) that work with the currently installed version of `expo` in the project. Not all packages are supported. This command wraps the globally installed [package managers](#package-manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refers to the command `npx expo install` from [Expo CLI](#expo-cli). This command is used to install npm packages containing [native modules](#native-module) that work with the currently installed version of `expo` in the project. Not all packages are supported. This command wraps the globally installed [package managers](#package-manager).
```

For naming here, let's stick to `npm` instead of `NPM` since the brand itself calls `npm`.

### Expo Module Config

> A file named `expo-module.config.json` that lives in the root directory of a [native module](#native-module). [Learn more](/modules/module-config/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A file named `expo-module.config.json` that lives in the root directory of a [native module](#native-module). For more information, see [Module Config](/modules/module-config/).
```

### Expo SDK

> The Expo SDK provides access to device/system functionality such as camera, push notification, contacts, file system, and more. Scroll to the SDK API reference in the documentation navigation to see a full list of APIs and to explore them. [Read more about the Expo SDK](/versions/latest/). [Find it on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo-sdk).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Expo SDK provides access to device/system functionality such as camera, push notification, contacts, file system, and more. Scroll to the SDK API reference in the documentation navigation to see a full list of APIs and to explore them. [Read more about the Expo SDK](/versions/latest/). [Find it on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo-sdk).
```

Hmm, linked repository https://github.com/expo/expo-sdk do not exist. Also probably we could write it a bit better, to avoid two link length sentences at the end.

Author: haha this is a frustratingly old doc

Reviewer 2: So it's pre-monorepo times? 😄

Author: Updated with a more modern description.

### Expo Start

Refers to the command `npx expo start` from [Expo CLI](#expo-cli). This command is used to start a local [development server](#development-server) that a [client](#expo-client) connects to in order to interact with the [Metro bundler](#metro-bundler).

### ExpoKit

> Deprecated technology

ExpoKit is an Objective-C and Java library that allows you to use the [Expo SDK](#expo-sdk) and platform and your existing Expo project as part of a larger standard native project — one that you would normally create using Xcode, Android Studio, or `react-native init`. [Read more](../expokit/eject.md).

**Support for ExpoKit ended after SDK 38. Expo modules can implement support for custom native configuration, and projects that need even more custom native code can [expose their Android Studio and Xcode projects with `expo prebuild`](/workflow/customizing/).**

### Fabric

> The React Native rendering system, used to create an manage native views. [Learn more](https://reactnative.dev/architecture/fabric-renderer). This package supports [iOS](#ios) and [Android](#android).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The React Native rendering system that is used to create and manage native views. This package supports [iOS](#ios) and [Android](#android). For more information, see [Fabric Renderer](https://reactnative.dev/architecture/fabric-renderer)
```

### Flipper

> A mobile app debugger. [Learn more](https://fbflipper.com/). We do not enable Flipper in the default [Prebuild](#prebuild) template due to instability concerns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mobile app debugger. We do not enable Flipper in the default [Prebuild](#prebuild) template due to instability concerns. For more information, see [Flipper documentation](https://fbflipper.com/).
```

Reviewer 3: 'due to concerns about stability'.

### FYI

Sometimes referred to as "Expo FYI", this is a collection of tailored solutions to complex issues that lives at [expo.fyi](https://expo.fyi/). FYI links are utilized throughout Expo's developer tooling to help provide a better developer experience to users.

### Global Expo CLI

The package `expo-cli` which was installed globally on the user's machine and used across all projects. This CLI was introduced in SDK 30 (2018), and deprecated in favor of the [Local Expo CLI](#local-expo-cli) in SDK 46 (2022).

### Gradle

> The Android package manager and build tools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Android package manager and build tools.
```

Not sure if Gradle is a package manager, but it's a build system for sure. 😉 

Maybe we can reuse Wikipedia page intro here, just with mention of Android somewhere?

> Gradle is a build automation tool for multi-language software development. It controls the development process in the tasks of compilation and packaging to testing, deployment, and publishing.

A native package that can evaluate JavaScript on-device. In React Native we often use JavaScriptCore by Apple. Other options include [Hermes](#hermes-engine) by Meta, and V8 by Google.

### Linking

Linking can mean [deep linking into apps similar to how you link to websites on the web](linking.md) or [autolinking](#autolinking).

### Local Expo CLI

The package `@expo/cli` which is installed with the `expo` package. This is sometimes referred to as the "Versioned Expo CLI" because it is installed inside of the user's project as opposed to the now deprecated `expo-cli` which was installed globally.

### Manifest

An Expo app manifest is similar to a [web app manifest](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest) - it provides information that Expo needs to know how to run the app and other relevant data. [Read more in "How Expo Works"](how-expo-works.md#expo-manifest).

### Meta

Formerly Facebook, Meta is the group that develops [React Native](#react-native), [Metro Bundler](#metro-bundler), [Hermes Engine](#hermes-engine), [Yoga](#yoga) and more. The Expo team collaborates with Meta to deliver the best possible developer experience.

### Metro Bundler

> The bundler used for converting JavaScript files and assets into a format that runs on a native client. This bundler is maintained by Meta and used exclusively for React Native apps. [Learn more](https://facebook.github.io/metro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bundler used for converting JavaScript files and assets into a format that runs on a native client. This bundler is maintained by Meta and used exclusively for React Native apps. For more information, see [Metro documentation](https://facebook.github.io/metro).
```

### Metro Config

> The `metro.config.js` file used to configure [Metro bundler](#metro-bundler). This should extend the package `@expo/metro-config` when using [Expo CLI](#expo-cli). [Learn more](/guides/customizing-metro.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metro.config.js` file used to configure [Metro bundler](#metro-bundler). This should extend the package `@expo/metro-config` when using [Expo CLI](#expo-cli). For more information, see [Customizing Metro](/guides/customizing-metro.md).
```

### Monorepo

A project that has multiple sub-projects which are all linked together via the package manager. A monorepo is a great way to link custom native packages to your application.

### Native Directory

The React Native ecosystem has thousands of libraries. Without a purpose-built tool, it's hard to know what the libraries are, to search through them, to determine the quality, try them out, and filter out the libraries that won't work for your project (some don't work with Expo, some don't work with Android or iOS). [React Native Directory](https://reactnative.directory/) is a website that aims to solve this problem, we recommend you use it to find packages to use in your projects.

### Native Module

> A module written in native code that exposes native platform functionality to the JavaScript engine via the JS global. This functionality is usually accessed via `import { NativeModules } from 'react-native';`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A module written in native code that exposes native platform functionality to the JavaScript engine via the JS global. This functionality is usually accessed via `import { NativeModules } from 'react-native';`.
```

### Native Runtime

A native application containing a [JavaScript engine](#javascript-engine), and is capable of running a React application. This includes [Expo Go](#expo-go), [dev clients](#dev-clients), [standalone apps](#standalone-app), and even web browsers like Chrome.

### npm

[npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) is a package manager for JavaScript and the registry where the packages are stored. An alternative package manager, which we use internally at Expo, is [yarn](#yarn).

### Package Manager

Automates the process of installing, upgrading, configuring, and removing libraries, also known as dependencies, from your project. See [npm](#npm) and [yarn](#yarn).

### Platform extensions

> Platform extensions are a feature of the [Metro bundler](#metro-bundler) which enable users to substitute files on a per-platform basis given a specific filename. For example if a project has a `./index.js` file and a `./index.ios.js` file, then the `index.ios.js` will be used when bundling for iOS and the `index.js` file will be used when bundling for all other platforms.
> 
> By default, platform extensions are resolved in `@expo/metro-config` using the following formula:
> 
> - iOS: `*.ios.js`, `*.native.js`, `*.js`
> - Android: `*.android.js`, `*.native.js`, `*.js`
> - Web: `*.web.js`, `*.js`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform extensions are a feature of the [Metro bundler](#metro-bundler) which enable users to substitute files on a per-platform basis given a specific filename. For example, if a project has a `./index.js` file and a `./index.ios.js` file, then the `index.ios.js` will be used when bundling for iOS, and the `index.js` file will be used when bundling for all other platforms.

By default, platform extensions are resolved in `@expo/metro-config` using the following formula:

- iOS: `*.ios.js`, `*.native.js`, `*.js`
- Android: `*.android.js`, `*.native.js`, `*.js`
- Web: `*.web.js`, `*.js`

```

<!-- TODO: Multi-Resolution Asset Extensions -->

### Prebuild

The process of generating the temporary native `/ios` and `/android` folders for a React Native project based on the [Expo Config](#expo-config). This process is performed by running the command `npx expo prebuild` from [Expo CLI](#expo-cli) in a project directory.

> See Also:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also:
```

"React Native lets you build mobile apps using only JavaScript. It uses the same design as React, letting you compose a rich mobile UI from declarative components." [Read more](https://reactnative.dev/).

### React Native Web

> A high-performing abstraction on top of `react-dom` which enables core primitives from [React Native](#react-native) to run in the browser. React Native for web (AKA RNW) was developed at Twitter and is currently used for their main website https://twitter.com. [Expo SDK](#expo-sdk) and [Expo CLI](#expo-cli) have first-class support for RNW.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A high-performing abstraction on top of `react-dom` which enables core primitives from [React Native](#react-native) to run in the browser. React Native for web (also known as RNW) was developed at Twitter and is currently used for their main website https://twitter.com. [Expo SDK](#expo-sdk) and [Expo CLI](#expo-cli) have first-class support for RNW.
```
```suggestion
A high-performing abstraction on top of `react-dom` which enables core primitives from [React Native](#react-native) to run in the browser. React Native for web (AKA RNW) was developed at Twitter and is currently used for their main website https://twitter.com. [Expo SDK](#expo-sdk) and [Expo CLI](#expo-cli) have first-class support for RNW.
```

Let's not use Latin Abbreviations as per our Docs Writing Style Guide.

### React Navigation

The preferred navigation library for React Native apps, developed and sponsored by the Expo team.

### Remote Debugging

> Remote Debugging (AKA Async Chrome Debugging) is an experimental system for debugging React Native apps. The system works by executing the application JavaScript in a Chrome tab's web worker, then sending native commands over websockets to the native device. The benefit being you could use the built-in Chrome break points and network inspector to debug your application. This system does not work with JSI's synchronous calls, meaning it's not a reliable way to debug modern React Native apps. A better alternative to debugging React Native is to use [Hermes](#hermes-engine) as you can connect Chrome Dev Tools to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote Debugging (also known as Async Chrome Debugging) is an experimental system for debugging React Native apps. The system works by executing the application JavaScript in a Chrome tab's web worker, then sending native commands over websockets to the native device. The benefit being you could use the built-in Chrome break points and network inspector to debug your application. This system does not work with JSI's synchronous calls, meaning it's not a reliable way to debug modern React Native apps. A better alternative to debugging React Native is to use [Hermes](#hermes-engine) as you can connect Chrome Dev Tools to it.
```

[Snack](https://snack.expo.dev/) is an in-browser development environment where you can build Expo [experiences](#experience) without installing any tools on your phone or computer.

### Software Mansion

A development agency in Krakow, Poland. Maintainers of `react-native-gesture-handler`, `react-native-screens`, and `react-native-reanimated`. The platform team at Expo is compromised of a number of contractors from Software Mansion. All of Software Mansion's core React Native libraries are supported in [Expo Go](#expo-go).

### Standalone app

An application binary that can be submitted to the iOS App Store or Android Play Store. [Read more in "Building Standalone Apps"](../distribution/building-standalone-apps.md).

### Store Config

The `store.config.json` file used to configure [EAS Metadata](#eas-metadata). This file can be generated from an existing App Store entry using `eas metadata:pull`.

### Sweet API

> The Swift and Kotlin API for writing React Native modules. This API is provided by the library `expo-modules-core` which is shipped with the `expo` package. [Learn more](/modules/module-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Swift and Kotlin API for writing React Native modules. This API is provided by the library `expo-modules-core` which is shipped with the `expo` package. For more information, see [Module API](/modules/module-api/).
```

### TypeScript

> TypeScript is a strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript, giving you better tooling at any scale. The Expo SDK is written in TypeScript, we highly recommend using it. [Learn more](/guides/typescript/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeScript is a strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript, giving you better tooling at any scale. The Expo SDK is written in TypeScript, we highly recommend using it. For more information, see our [TypeScript guide](/guides/typescript/).
```

### Updates

> Traditionally, apps for iOS and Android are updated by submitting an updated binary to the App and Play stores. Updates allow you to push an update to your app without the overhead of submitting a new release to the stores. [Read more in "Publishing"](publishing.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traditionally, apps for iOS and Android are updated by submitting an updated binary to the App and Play stores. Updates allow you to push an update to your app without the overhead of submitting a new release to the stores. For more information, see our [Publishing](publishing.md) documentation.
```

> ### VS Code Expo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### VSCode Expo
```

> The VS Code extension for improving the developer experience of working with Expo config files. This extension provides autocomplete and intellisense for the [Expo Config](#expo-config), [Store Config](#store-config), [Expo Module Config](#expo-module-config), and [EAS Config](#eas-config). [Learn more](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=byCedric.vscode-expo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VSCode extension for improving the developer experience of working with Expo config files. This extension provides autocomplete and intellisense for the [Expo Config](#expo-config), [Store Config](#store-config), [Expo Module Config](#expo-module-config), and [EAS Config](#eas-config). [Learn more](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=byCedric.vscode-expo).
```

Let's stick the branding name here for VSCode.

Reviewer 2: VS Code is a preferred (correct?) abbreviation IIRC.

<img width="1243" alt="Screenshot 2022-08-11 at 13 01 40" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/719641/184119575-d38ebce6-88d7-4dd8-8ec9-605565267e6b.png">

Reviewer: Oh, interesting. It's kinda confusing how they are branding themselves 😅

You are right! My bad! I thought, they were branding themselves as `VSCode` but from their own docs it seems its `VS Code`. I'll remove this suggestion and update our writing style guide. Thanks for having this conversation on it :)

### Watchman

The file watcher used by [Metro](#metro-bundler) to perform hot reloads during development. Watchman contains native code and may cause issues when installing globally. Watchman is maintained by Meta and used in Jest.

### Webpack

The bundler used by [Expo CLI](#expo-cli) for developing [`react-native-web`](#react-native-web) apps.

### XDE

> Deprecated technology

XDE was a desktop tool with a graphical user interface (GUI) for working with Expo projects. It's been replaced by [Expo CLI](#expo-cli), which now provides both command line and web interfaces.

### yarn

A package manager for JavaScript. [Read more](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Yarn Workspaces

The [monorepo](#monorepo) solution we recommend for Expo users. Yarn workspaces can be configured using the package [`expo-yarn-workspaces`](https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-yarn-workspaces).

### Yoga

> A native cross-platform library used by React Native internally to provide FlexBox support to native views. React Native styles are passed to Yoga to layout and style elements on the screen. [Learn more](https://github.com/facebook/yoga).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A native cross-platform library used by React Native internally to provide FlexBox support to native views. React Native styles are passed to Yoga to layout and style elements on the screen. For more information, see [Yoga](https://github.com/facebook/yoga) documentation.
```

### Store Config

The `store.config.json` file used to configure [EAS Metadata](#eas-metadata). This file can be generated from an existing App Store entry using `eas metadata:pull`.

### Sweet API

The Swift and Kotlin API for writing React Native modules. This API is provided by the library `expo-modules-core` which is shipped with the `expo` package. For more information, see [Module API](/modules/module-api/).

### TypeScript

TypeScript is a strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript, giving you better tooling at any scale. The Expo SDK is written in TypeScript, we highly recommend using it. For more information, see our [TypeScript guide](/guides/typescript/).

### Updates

Traditionally, apps for iOS and Android are updated by submitting an updated binary to the App and Play stores. Updates allow you to push an update to your app without the overhead of submitting a new release to the stores. For more information, see our [Publishing](publishing.md) documentation.

### VS Code Expo

> The VSCode extension for improving the developer experience of working with Expo config files. This extension provides autocomplete and intellisense for the [Expo Config](#expo-config), [Store Config](#store-config), [Expo Module Config](#expo-module-config), and [EAS Config](#eas-config). For more information, see the [VSCode Expo extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=byCedric.vscode-expo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VS Code extension for improving the developer experience of working with Expo config files. This extension provides autocomplete and intellisense for the [Expo Config](#expo-config), [Store Config](#store-config), [Expo Module Config](#expo-module-config), and [EAS Config](#eas-config). For more information, see the [VS Code Expo extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=byCedric.vscode-expo).
```

sorry for this change but @Simek was right to point it out that its `VS Code` as branding name. Reverting this change 😅
